>> Will Sentance: Let's
see any clarifications.
Griffin has one or two is good.
Griffin, it would take going
into a online clarification.
Griffin, you wanna go?
>> Griffin: Is there a way
to bypass the event loop?
Like manually coding,
come back in at this time.
No?
>> Will Sentance: This is a very strict,
because if you could,
how unpredictable would that code be?
We could randomly say
[SOUND] come second up.
Now there is ways of setting ordering.
So what you people often do is,
you don't print hello,
you don't console hello
inside this function.
You know what you do?
You speak off to another inside of another
one, so you can order things by in
the call back you past, in there making
another reference to a web browser API,
cuz you therefore know this one must
complete before that next one is made.
Because it's being made
inside the call back and
that is what creates,
who knows what that creates?
That the famous call back hell.
That's the notion of,
when you hear of call back hell,
what it is is saying, I need to delay
my next call back until I know I've
successfully completed
the previous API interaction.
In this case, timer.
But it could be for data from an API,
from an outside API.
I need to complete that one and
get that function running.
And then inside that function
make the next request.
Because we've gotta wait on that first
data before we can make the next one
to store into a database, for example.
So you make call back, and then
another request inside that call back,
another request inside that call back.
All using the fact that when you
insert your additional request,
your next API interaction inside the
function that got passed to the first one,
first API interaction, you know
that first API will have done, for
Print Hello to be running
it must have completed.
And therefore you can write your
next request inside here and
you know it will be coming after.
So it's a way of ordering stuff.
So that sort of answers the question in
the sense that that's what people do.
But you're certainly not able to just go,
now let me de-queue and just go.
I can't, timing is a weird
thing in any environment.
It's hard to, this the way we
handle timing in JavaScript, and
it's by setting constraints
on ourselves like this,
otherwise the unpredictability of
when our functions will be calling,
where our functions
would be evaluating to.
Suppose we through Print Hello on while
block for one second is on top, that means
Print Hello is gonna evaluate into
block for one second when it completes.
>> Will Sentance: You get all sorts
of interesting rates, conditions,
that means I'm waiting for
some data that's not been ready yet.
All this stuff is protected for
us by a very strict set of rules.
For now,
we're gonna do another block of pairing.
After this we're gonna look at one final
version, for now, of pur web browser API.
If you've seen timer, but
there is a whole bunch of other ones,
including the ones that
do the ATTP requests.
You’re going to start to see those
in the challenges in a moment, and
we’re gonna look through
those after the challenges.
All right folks, back to your pairing,
and we’ll go and look at the challenges